An adaptive design for a medical device clinical study is defined as a clinical study design that allows for prospectively planned modifications based on accumulating study data without undermining the study’s integrity and validity.
The occurrence of the intercurrent event is considered irrelevant in defining the treatment effect of interest: the value for the variable of interest is used regardless of whether or not the intercurrent event occurs.
The Bayesian approach allows for the derivation of a special type of posterior probability; namely, the probability of unobserved outcomes (future or missing) given what has already been observed. This probability is called the predictive probability. Collectively, the probabilities for all possible values of the unobserved outcome are called the predictive distribution.
Exchangeability is a fundamental concept underlying statistical inference. It can be of particular importance in Bayesian trials. Formally, we would say that units (patients or trials) are considered exchangeable if the probability of observing any particular set of outcomes on those units is invariant to any re-ordering of the units.
The sample size in a clinical trial depends on: variability of the sample, prior information, mathematical model used in analysis, distributions of parameters in the analytic model, and specific decision criteria.
active control trials are designed to show that the efficacy of an investigational product is no worse than that of the active comparator
There are two methods used for the calculation of the between subject coefficient of variation as stated in  SOP- BMD-4002: %CVb=100*(SD/Mean) with SD and Mean of untransformed data  %CVb=100*sqrt(eSD**2-1)  with SD of log-transformed data
PK parameter values will generally be reported to a number of decimal places consistent with 3 significant figures for the lowest value for that parameter, unless the original data for that parameter is reported to less precision throughout (in which case the precision of the original data will be used). This approach ensures that all values are reported to at least 3 significant figures, which is sufficient for all the commonly used parameters.
The Non-numeric values that may appear in the PK concentration data include: NR = ‘No Result’, NA = ‘Not Assayed’, NS = ‘No Sample’, IS = ’Insufficient Sample’, and NQ = ’Non Quantifiable’.  
Study Statisticians are responsible for archiving below required documentation for randomization process in Trial Master File: Randomisation and Container Codes Strategy (RCCS) Document and approvals Randomisation codes. The schedule remains in RandomAll NG. Evidence of creation and release of Randomisation and Container codes RandomAll NG Audit Trail or legacy RandomAll Audit Trail (if applicable) request for Release of Randomisation and Container Codes programming and Randomisation QC Record for creation of randomisation codes using single use software (if applicable) Approval of Access for non-routine reason from VP and Head Biostatistics (if applicable) Requests for and approval of distribution of randomisation and container codes (if applicable) Distribution of randomisation and container codes documentation (where applicable) Randomisation change control plan (if applicable)
